Add content/en/continuous_deployment.md (#441)
cncf/glossary: content/en/continuous_deployment.md

---
title: Continuous Deployment (CD)
status: Completed
category: concept
---

## What it is
Continuous Deployment, often abbreviated as CD, which takes place after continuous delivery process. After the changes are made, they're tested and if marked as success in verification stage then they're pushed to production stage. If the verification is failed, then it is avoided from pushing it to production. These steps are fully automated!!

## Problem it addresses
Anytime the new changes are released, it causes the entire infrastructure to slow down as they need to manually keep on checking if everything is proper on the production side. If anything goes wrong it may cause huge losses to that industry. So this causes industries to slow down the process of new release.

## How it helps

> Continuous Deployment solves the above problem by automating the process. Rather than making a big change, industry works on making smaller changes and releasing it, so that instead of slowing down the entire process everything goes smoothly because of the small changes and automated process of testing and pushing it to production. Also, the feedback of the customers is faster!!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Continuous deployment automates the process of pushing code to production. CI/CD, in general, focuses on releasing smaller changes more often, implementing deployment strategies such as [canary](/canary_deployment/) or [blue-green](/blue_green_deployment/) releases, and ultimately delivering value to customer faster. 
```

> Continuous Deployment solves the above problem by automating the process. Rather than making a big change, industry works on making smaller changes and releasing it, so that instead of slowing down the entire process everything goes smoothly because of the small changes and automated process of testing and pushing it to production. Also, the feedback of the customers is faster!!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Continuous deployment automates the process of pushing code to production. CI/CD, in general, focuses on releasing smaller changes more often and implementing deployment strategies such as [canary](/canary_deployment/) or [blue-green](/blue_green_deployment/) releases.
```
